So?
This Ye Wushuang has a grudge against you and my three families
I'll just say how the hell did this kid come out of nowhere?
It messed up all my plans
The most hateful thing is
This kid is in front of our Duan family
Almost broke my hand
If I don't avenge this revenge
I swear it's not okay
Since this Ye Wushuang and my Hu family
The Duan family and the Wu family have grudges
Then we'll let him
A place to die
People have backers
You want to touch him
We have to find a way to kill him
backer
You mean your uncle?
Nancheng Shouduan Lao
Exactly.
He cured my uncle
Our Duan family is obedient to him
Give what you want
I said again, why the hell are you so arrogant?
What can you do?
If he can cure me
It can also cure my uncle, hahaha.
Oops, what do you mean?
I just need to do a little trick
Move your fingers in the medicine you gave him
Then my uncle will die
Ha ha.
Our Duan family
He would definitely suspect Ye Wushuang
We'll crush him then.
Not as tight as an ant
Ah-ha.
Hahaha meow
At that time, I will inherit the Wu family's estate
Master Wu can obtain Wu Siyao
And your jokes can also be successful
Hahahahaha
The third brother said that the three of us each get what we need
What you need
Take what you need
Hahahaha